update meilisearch docs (#434)
vuepress/ecosystem: docs/plugins/search/meilisearch.md

> See <https://www.meilisearch.com/docs/guides/front_end/search_bar_for_docs#scrape-your-content>

> ### Using Github Action for Automatic Scraping

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using Github Action for Automatic Reclaw
```

> In the Github repository, go to `Settings` -> `Secrets and variables` -> `Actions` -> `New repository secret` to set `MEILISEARCH_API_KEY` and `MEILISEARCH_HOST_URL`. And name your scraper configuration file `meilisearch-scraper.json` and place it in the root directory of your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Place your scraper config file somewhere in your project.

Then go to `Settings` -> `Secrets and variables` -> `Actions` in your Github repository. Click `New repository secret` and set `MEILISEARCH_HOST_URL` and `MEILISEARCH_API_KEY` with your meilisearch server address and client key.
```

Author: Change MEILISEARCH_HOST_URL to env instead of secret

```yml
name: Deploy and Scrape

on:
  push:
    branches:
      - main

jobs:
  deploy:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      # ....
  scrapy:
    needs: deploy
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    name: scrape and push content on Meilisearch instance
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
      - name: Run scraper
        env:
          HOST_URL: ${{ secrets.MEILISEARCH_HOST_URL }}
          API_KEY: ${{ secrets.MEILISEARCH_API_KEY }}

>           CONFIG_FILE_PATH: ${{ github.workspace }}/meilisearch-scraper.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          CONFIG_FILE_PATH: ${{ github.workspace }}/<path/to/your/crawler/config.json>
```
